# ferry-reservation-app

## Cole's Setup Steps

- Create backend folder in project root. Use the following command and follow the prompts to create the frontend with Next.js. Name the next app `frontend` to create the desired frontend/backend separation. 

`npx create-next-app@latest`

- In the frontend root, enter the following command to install the ChakraUI dependencies: 

`npm i @chakra-ui/react @emotion/react @emotion/styled framer-motion`

In `_app.js` delete everything and paste the following (from the ChakraUI website):

'''
// pages/_app.js

import { ChakraProvider } from '@chakra-ui/react'

function App({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return (
    <ChakraProvider>
      <Component {...pageProps} />
    </ChakraProvider>
  )
}

export default App
'''

This initializes Chakra so we can use it in the next app. It should now be able to fetch the Chakra components. ChakraUI will help speed up the development process.

- The styles folder (which held the default CSS for the Next.js landing page) that comes with Next.js can be deleted, because we are using the ChakraUI framework/library instead of the default stylings.

- The autogenerated `api` folder can be deleted too, since we aren't using Next.js to make an API (we are going to use the `axios` library to make API calls from the frontend)

- In `index.js` deleted everything and paste the following (just some sample code to get started with):
'''
import {Flex} from "@chakra-ui/react";

export default function Home() {
  return (
    <Flex as="main" flexDir="column" px={20} alignItems="center">
      Sample text, centred at the top of the page.
    </Flex>
  )
}

'''

- Just to get a sample page going, `components` folder was created. This folder contains the `.jsx` react files for individual UI components. I created a Navbar and put it on the homepage (which is crossings for now). Then I just did a mockup table for crossings (in the homepage index file).

- Install docker (I installed docker desktop here: https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/ since it comes with the dependencies)
- Run the following command in project root:

`docker run --name frs-db -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_USER=frs -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -d postgres`

This command creates a new docker container with postgres running inside.
