# Stack Setup Steps

How to replicate our initial stack setup.

1. Created backend folder in project root. Used the following command and followed the prompts to create the frontend with Next.js. Named the next app `frontend` to create the desired frontend/backend separation. 

`npx create-next-app@latest`

2. In the frontend root, entered the following command to install the ChakraUI dependencies: 

`npm i @chakra-ui/react @emotion/react @emotion/styled framer-motion`

3. In `_app.js` deleted everything and pasted the following (from the ChakraUI website):

```
// pages/_app.js

import { ChakraProvider } from '@chakra-ui/react'

function App({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return (
    <ChakraProvider>
      <Component {...pageProps} />
    </ChakraProvider>
  )
}

export default App
```

This initializes Chakra so we can use it in the next app. It should now be able to fetch the Chakra components. ChakraUI will help speed up the development process.

4. Deleted the styles folder (which originally held the default CSS for the Next.js landing page) that comes with Nextjs, because we are using the ChakraUI framework/library instead of the default stylings.

5. Deleted the autogenerated `api` folder too, since we aren't using Next.js to make an API (we are probably going to use the `axios` library to make API calls from the frontend)

6. In `index.js` deleted everything and pasted the following (just some sample code to get started with):

```
import {Flex} from "@chakra-ui/react";

export default function Home() {
  return (
    <Flex as="main" flexDir="column" px={20} alignItems="center">
      Sample text, centred at the top of the page.
    </Flex>
  )
}
```

1. Just to get a sample page going, `components` folder was created. This folder contains the `.jsx` react files for individual UI components. Created a Navbar and put it on the homepage (which is crossings for now). Then did a mockup table for crossings (in the homepage index file).

2. For demo purposes we are using SQLite database...just created a database folder with a database file...that should work fine, it has been verified in DataGrip. When deployment comes around, we may want to consider using Docker and PostgreSQL. We can install docker by installing docker desktop since it comes with the required dependencies (https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/). To create a new docker container with postgres running inside, run the following command in project root:

`docker run --name frs-db -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_USER=frs -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -d postgres`
